hi welcome back to another Terran
escapes video today I wanted to show you
some new mock-ups for some new road
pieces road we'll put that in quotes the
basic background is that a customer who
has a set of my flexible roads that are
cast in rubber he has requested a
thinner set to represent a sort of more
of a walking path and actually I had a
request for this quite a while back but
I thought it was a bit of an of a niche
piece and so when you know with the
wider Road which I thought would have a
little bit of a more of an application
broad broadly speaking but this customer
is a very good customer of mine he's
been with me for a long time and and I
think I think having multiple requests
indicate that it might have some fit in
the market so what I've done is I've
created some mock-ups here to take a
look at today and show you a little bit
about what I'm thinking about and
provide you some opportunity maybe for
some feedback so well let me show you my
designs as meagre as they are and we can
go from there so brief description of
these pieces first there's a variety of
shapes that I've produced here here's a
three-way intersection set you know
short straits I've done two of these 12
inches a wide 90 degree about not wide
but a long 90 degree a short 90 degree a
45 and a connector to the main road
system so those are the basic
identification of the pieces the if you
if you're not familiar maybe I should
start there with my other Road pieces
you might want to go and take a look at
them there are three and a half inches
wide so this gives you a sense of its
general dimensions here and they feature
a few rocks in them and I had put in a
small hump on various spots along the
way to indicate you know where wheel
tracks or you know people walking side
by side you know my
would the earth a little bit deeper now
before i discuss these further I did
have many people well I shouldn't say
many some suggest that i should have
tire tracks or you know other kinds of
impressions in the roads but i avoided
that because i wanted them to be
universally applicable through variety
of time periods and if i put in you know
tire tracks or wagon wheel marks or
something like that it's really going to
restrict their application so it's
already kind of an itchy product we
don't need to make it even more so so
that was my original intent and design
with the main set now the customer
requested that I do a narrower set and I
had actually done the very basic
preliminary cuts for a mock-up for a
narrower set so actually it wasn't too
too onerous to get these to this current
stage these pieces are two inches wide
and hope I get tippy here hold on a
second mr. mr. McLean all right um it's
a believable footpath for one depending
on how deep in I flock and foliage at or
I could add a little width and then
you'd have room for two individuals very
close side by side so this seemed like a
good width to go I didn't want to go too
much more narrow with it and I felt like
that was a decent compromise you know as
compared to you know seeing the spacing
here add a little variety that was my
thinking now these basically what I did
on the original let me go back to that
I've tried to emulate that here is I
built up a little burn along the edge of
this to sort of give it a little bit of
a transition you know there's a you know
like it's worn down in here and this
ends a little thickness to the rubber to
help it lay flat as I really need a
little gravity to help the rubbers very
soft but it can have a little memory in
it and want to flip up and adding a
little weight along the edges just helps
it to settle down a little bit now
because these pieces are quite a bit
more narrow and i'm assuming are not
traveled by vehicles what i've done is
i've just
made that little berm very very slight
on these but there is a little
noticeable rise at the edge and I'm
hoping that that's going to be okay once
i'm casting those that they'll still
have enough weight to sit down i think
they should but anyway that's why i've
gone with a slightly smaller berm along
the edges here i don't know if that's
going to focus but you get the idea so
now because these are more narrow and
there's a lot of space I'm a little bit
more restricted for adding details to
them so what I've done is I've taken
some very very small rocks sanded them
down and then you know attach them and
I've scattered them about and tried to
add a little bit of variety also so that
they tie in thematically with the wider
Road set and they just give me something
to paint on them just to break it up a
little bit more visually in addition to
that what i did on a couple of the
pieces as i went in and bulked up the
area now this doesn't really look giant
perhaps depending on how the final video
renders on but this is a little bit of a
mound that is going to sit proud on the
surface of the path and I've done that
scattered around on a couple of them
just to give it a little topography
variation wouldn't be much to add in
more of that and depends on really how
rough of a look we're going for on the
pathway if you will so that's something
that could be amended you can see here
and of course a little bit darker here
so the goal being that there will be you
know this can be used as the connector
piece and then with a full set of this
of the other pieces you'll have see here
12 24 plus another 6 is 30 you know say
almost 40 inches of road with a single
cast with a couple curves and a couple
you know in a fork and whatnot but that
gives you a look at it these are for
people who are curious these are based
on point 06 styrene which I've cut and
sanded down and then you know I'll be
making a you know silicone mold of these
and then from the silicone mold I'll be
pouring in urethane rubber to get the
final piece
so that gives you a quick look at the
Masters for the upcoming pathways will
call them paths and this is my sort of
stop point just to check in with the
community and the customer to see if
there's any revisions that need to be
done or whether I'm going in a totally
wrong direction before I pour the rubber
which is the most expensive part of the
process so feel free to leave comments
down below I really appreciate it and
keep your eye on the channel I'll be
coming back probably in a little bit
down the road with some more updates on
some projects that I have going on and I
think we'll just keep this one short so
thanks for joining me and I'll talk to
you soon